h1. Vim

It is recommended that you use gVim in either Windows or Linux and MacVim for
Mac. Download from:

* (Windows) http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc (gvim73_46.exe)
* (Mac) https://github.com/b4winckler/macvim/downloads (snapshot-56)

h1. Bundled Plugins

* "Align":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=294 - align blocks of text using equal sign, make comment boxes and more
* "bufexplorer":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=42 - manage your file buffers
* "fugitive":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2975 - support for Git, adding convenient commands such as :Gstatus, :Gread, :Gmove
* "html5.vim":https://github.com/othree/html5.vim - omnicomplete function and syntax for HTML5
* "markdown":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1242 - syntax highlight for Markdown
* "NERD_commenter":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1218 - support to comment lines of code
* "NERD_tree":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658 - project pane that you can open with [leader] p
* "surround":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1697 - add, change, remove surrounding parentheses, brackets, quotes, etc
* "syntastic":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2736 - checks for syntax errors in many languages
* "vim-bundler":https://github.com/tpope/vim-bundler - Bundler support for Vim
* "vim-coffee-script":https://github.com/kchmck/vim-coffee-script - syntax highlight for Coffee Script
* "vim-jquery":https://github.com/itspriddle/vim-jquery - Vim syntax file to add some colorations for jQuery keywords and css selectors
* "vividchalk":http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1891 - color scheme inspired by the classic Vibrant for Textmate

h1. Usage

Troubleshoot: Because of the large amount of submodules, if you ever have any
trouble after pulling from the repository, it will be easier to just back up
your old .vim folder and just git clone a new version.

Clone this repo into your home directory either as .vim (linux/mac) or
vimfiles (Windows). Such as:

<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/gpittau/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
</pre></code>

Then 'cd' into the repo and run this to get the snippets submodule:

<pre><code>
git submodule update --init
</code></pre>

Now you should create a new <tt>.vimrc</tt> file in your home directory that
loads the pre-configured one that comes bundled in this package. You can do it
on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>
echo "source ~/.vim/vimrc" > ~/.vimrc
</code></pre>

On Windows you should create a <tt>_vimrc</tt> (underline instead of dot) and add
the following line inside:

<pre><code>
source ~/vimfiles/vimrc
</code></pre>

This way you can override the default configuration by adding your own inside
this file.

You should also create a new <tt>.gvimrc</tt> file in your home directory. You can do
it on Linux/Mac like this:

<pre><code>
echo "source ~/.vim/gvimrc" > ~/.gvimrc
</code></pre>

On Windows you should create a <tt>_gvimrc</tt> (underline instead of dot) and add
the following line inside:

<pre><code>
source ~/vimfiles/gvimrc
</code></pre>

This way you can override the default GUI configuration by adding your own inside
this file.

h2. Help Tags

At first usage of vim, type ":" while in command mode and execute:

  call pathogen#helptags()

This will make the plugins documentations available upon :help

h2. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* jshint
* Exuberant Ctags (http://ctags.sourceforge.net/)
* Ncurses-term (in Linux only)

In Ubuntu, for example, you will have to do:

<pre><code>
apt-get install exuberant-ctags ncurses-term
</code></pre>

In OS X, you can install ctags with homebrew

<pre><code>
brew install ctags
</code></pre>

On Windows you have to download Ctags and add ctags.exe in your PATH.

Mac OS X and most Linux distros come with Ruby already. If you're in Windows
look for Luis Lavena's latest Ruby Installer (http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubyinstaller/)

h2. Learn Vim

Visit the following sites to learn more about Vim:

* http://vimcasts.org

There are many sites teaching Vim, if you know of any other that are easy
to follow for newcomers, let me know.

h2. Credits

* Original project and most of the heavy lifting: @scrooloose
* All the cool plugins for Rails, Cucumber and more: @timpope
* Great Command-T plugin by: Wincent
* Hacks and some snippets: @akitaonrails
